Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 2025-12-25

1. Introduction This Privacy Policy applies to the Nonogram Master app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Dawid Bielarski (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

2. Information Collection and Use The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include:

Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)

The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages

The time spent on the Application

The operating system you use on your mobile device

3. Third Party Access Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

The Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policies about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

Google Play Services

AdMob

Unity

4. Advertising (AdMob) This Application is supported by advertisements from Google AdMob. AdMob may use device identifiers (such as the Android Advertising ID) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic. By using this Application, you consent to the collection and use of information by AdMob as described in their privacy policy.

5. Local Data Storage The Application stores game progress (such as levels completed, stars earned, and settings) locally on your device. This data is not transmitted to the Service Provider's servers but may be deleted if you uninstall the Application or clear the Application's data.

6. Children’s Privacy The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. The Service Provider encourages all children to seek consent from their parents or legal guardian before submitting any personally identifiable information (such as an email address) to the Application. If the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers.

7. Security The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

8. Changes to This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

9. Contact Us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at: bielarskidawid@gmail.com
